[Keyboard] Add mkh studio bully (#19696)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/mkh_studio/bully/readme.md

# mkh bully

* Keyboard Maintainer: [zhol0777](https://github.com/zhol0777)
* Hardware Supported: APM32F072
* Hardware Availability: [Coffee Break Keyboards](https://cbkbd.com/)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     qmk compile -kb mkh_studio/bully -km default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     qmk flash -kb mkh_studio/bully -km default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make mkh_studio/bully:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make mkh_studio/bully:default:flash
```
